README.md to describe RFCs at O(1) Labs (#3)
o1-labs/rfcs: README.md

## Motivation

The RFC workflow ensures that all important stakeholders participate in the RFC review process. 

RFCs provide context on why the decisions were made and describe the technical climate at the time the idea was proposed. RFCs use existing git collaboration tools to create, edit, maintain, and build consensus on code ideas that impact all of engineering. 

## RFCs at O(1) Labs

Each RFC captures technical details for a specific change within a limited system context at a given moment in time. 

- The rapid review and approval cycle prevents lengthy opportunities for public input. 
- In contrast to timeless product specifications, RFCs are more ephemeral and benefit from the narrower focus of a delta.
- In many software projects, a typical RFC invites public discourse. In contrast, an RFC at O(1) Labs is an internal design document to ensure that all architects participate in design decisions. 
- RFCs happen downstream from product requirements doc (PRDs).

## Workflow

1. Product teams define product requirements doc in the product requirements doc (PRD).
2. An internal O(1) Labs team member creates a pull request using the [0000-template.md](0001-template.md).

> 3. The RFC covers the changes in enough detail to inform the decision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The RFC describes changes in enough detail to inform the decision. This includes links to proposed changes to persistent or cannonical design records such as specs and code comments.
```

4. Discussions occur in the RFC pull request within a rapid defined time period.
5. If architecture changes proposed in the initial RFC are significantly changed during the discussion, the submitter updates the RFC in a separate pull request.

> 6. All architects must approve the RFC pull request within two business days.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. All architects must respond to the RFC pull request within two business days.
```
